this isn't our fight don't be in an
undertone underdogs son
I say they get what they deserve what's
a plateful it's time for reinforcements
recognize one of your Knights
you've gotta be kidding me
legendary warriors the powers that
created us now what is all extinguished
we must join forces or else forever be
their slaves so today you stand with us
or you stand against me will the Tron
figure this one out
very wise there's no freaking way I'm
staying down here with them no way
those extra ticket giant car
we're giving you freedom
hi
Autobots weird why do we are you just
want to die for the nine that's
leadership who brainwashed or something
though that's all subscribe
charged each other
you